Adding a  new procedure for restricted env. - waiting on review (#1585)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/installation-guide/partials/proc_upgrading-che-using-the-cli-management-tool-in-restricted-environment.adoc

> // Module included in the following assemblies:

Reviewer: Is this procedure specific to Openshift 3.11? 
Because on 4.x, the default installer (`chectl --installer`) is `olm` and there the `chectl server:update` wouldn't require the `--che-operator-image` parameter, as it will just be checking the installPlan status and approving it if necessary.
Maybe @tolusha can shed some more light to this, as he is much more "fluent" in this olm/installation stuff.

Reviewer 2: This procedure fits OCP 3.11 as well OCP 4.x if `--installer operator` is used

Author: Yes Radim, it's for OCP 3.11. The question is if we should add a NOTE about this fact there, and also think about possible use with OCP 4

@davidfestal @nickboldt  @tolusha  WDYT?

Reviewer 2: So, I would say it also fits k8s as well but I didn't test that.
So I suggest to mention this procedure when `--installer operator` is used and update notes where `OpenShift` is mentioned.

Reviewer 3: How (and where) will this documentation land in downstream docs ? According to what @tolusha said I think that for upstream we can:
-  Explain that this upgrade method is relevant *only* when the existing installation to upgrade has been installed with the `--installer operator` method
- Remind, for clarity, that the `--installer operator` is the default on OCP 3.11, can be used on Kubernetes, and in NOT the default nor recommened on OpenShift 4.x (where OLM / OperatorHub is the recommended way).

//
// upgrading-{prod-id-short}

[id="upgrading-che-using-the-cli-management-tool-in-restricted-environment_{context}"]
= Upgrading {prod-short} using the CLI management tool in restricted environment

This section describes how to upgrade from previous minor version using the CLI management tool in restricted environment.

.Prerequisites

> * And administrative account on an OpenShift instance.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* An administrative account on an OpenShift instance.
```

> * A running instance of a previous minor version of {prod}, installed using the CLI management tool on the same instance of OpenShift, in the `__<{prod-namespace}>__` project.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
* A running instance of a previous minor version of {prod}, installed using the CLI management tool on the same instance of OpenShift, in the `_<{prod-namespace}>_` project.
```

> * Essential images are available to the Che server running in the cluster. See xref:pulling-images-used-by-che-to-a-private-registry.adoc[]

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
* Essential container images are available to the {prod-short} server running in the cluster. See xref:pulling-images-used-by-che-to-a-private-registry.adoc[].
```

> * An installation of the `{prod-cli}` {prod-ver} version management tool. See xref:overview:using-the-chectl-management-tool.adoc[].

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
* The `{prod-cli}` {prod-ver} management tool is installed. See xref:overview:using-the-chectl-management-tool.adoc[].
```

.Procedure

. In all running workspaces in the {prod-short} {prod-prev-ver} instance, save and push changes back to the Git repositories.

> . Shut down all workspaces in the {prod-short} {prod-prev-ver} instance.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
. Terminate all workspaces in the {prod-short} {prod-prev-ver} instance.
```
(No phrasal verbs.)

. Run the following command:
+
[subs="+attributes,+quotes"]
----

> $ {prod-cli} server:update --che-operator-image=__<image-registry>__/__<organization>__/{prod-operator-image-name}:{prod-ver}  -n __<{prod-namespace}>__

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
$ {prod-cli} server:update --che-operator-image=__<image-registry>__/__<organization>__/{prod-operator-image-name}:{prod-ver} -n {prod-namespace}
```
